Added the docs for all the grafana dashboards. (#21795)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/observability/grafanadashboards/servicedashboard.mdx

- **Description:** This gauge displays the average response time for requests to the selected service, providing an overview of the service's performance and responsiveness.

### Total failed requests

- **Grafana query:** `sum(increase(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_xx{envoy_response_code_class=~"4|5", consul_destination_service=~"$service"}[10m])) by(local_cluster)`
- **Description:** This gauge tracks the total number of failed requests over a 10-minute window, categorized by service. It allows for easy identification of services that are experiencing high failure rates.

### Dataplane latency

- **Grafana queries:**
  - `p50`: `histogram_quantile(0.50, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))`
  - `p75`: `histogram_quantile(0.75, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))`
  - `p90`: `histogram_quantile(0.90, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))`

>   - `p99.9`: `histogram_quantile(0.999, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))`

Reviewer: Try rendering this in a CodeTabs block. It _might_ display a little better than multiple code stanzas in an unordered list.

 ---
layout: docs
page_title: Dashboard for monitoring Consul service mesh
description: >-
  This documentation provides an overview of the Service Dashboard.
---

# Service dashboard

> This page provides reference information about the Grafana dashboard configuration included in [this GitHub repository](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/tree/main/grafana/servicedashboard.json). The service dashboard offers an overview of the performance and health of individual services within the Consul service mesh. It provides insights into service availability, request success rates, latency, and connection metrics. This dashboard is essential for maintaining optimal service performance and quickly identifying any issues with service communications. 

Reviewer 2: The github link here is wrong

```promql
histogram_quantile(0.50, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))
```

```promql
histogram_quantile(0.75, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))
```

```promql
histogram_quantile(0.90, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))
```

```promql
histogram_quantile(0.999, sum by(le) (rate(envoy_cluster_upstream_rq_time_bucket{kubernetes_namespace=~"$namespace", local_cluster=~"$service"}[5m])))
```

### Total TCP inbound and outbound bytes

**Description:** This time series shows the total number of inbound and outbound TCP bytes for services within the mesh. It provides visibility into the data transfer patterns and volume between services.

```promql
sum(rate(envoy_tcp_downstream_cx_rx_bytes_total{}[10m])) by (local_cluster)
```

### Total TCP inbound and outbound bytes buffered

> **Description:** This metric tracks the amount of TCP traffic buffered during inbound and outbound communications. It helps in identifying whether there is any potential latency caused by buffer overflow or congestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** This metric tracks the amount of TCP traffic buffered during inbound and outbound communications. It helps in identifying whether there is any potential latency caused by packet buffering or congestion.
```
"Buffer overflow" has a specific meaning that I don't think is relevant here. I suggested an alternate wording.
